hey this is heinous BQ h 00 i'm going to
show you how to get safe mode off your
ipod touch or i found that's jailbroken
now dig it well once you like you have
your stuff jail broken so sometimes
going to go to safe mode people don't
know how to get it off because they
can't go to whatever app or thing they
want like I can't like all my apps are
gone my city is gone and everything is
gone well you could click the safe mode
right here and it's going to say your
springboard just crashed well you can't
really read it you could restart it and
that might work play I'm I know it's
going to work if I restarted but or you
go k well i'm trying to get it i try to
get a theme right so I got the windows
seven things just went straight to safe
mode so you're the restart it and it's
going to restart the whole thing well
for me it does that a lot when you
switch names and stuff like that but it
basically you can say fo for everything
so safe mode is off you could see you
can see it off go to it and I got my
thing well you could do this for apps to
like apps can be can make it safe mode
so let me show you how that you know
step 2 none of my apps gave me safe mode
right now but it did a while back so
let's say out this has safe mode from a
you just download it something well in
and if you restart it in a still go safe
mode that means you have to go to
changes i think little manage manage and
i go to manage and you gotta go two
packages
and this is all the stuff you have got
from City and crap like that and you're
just gonna just go to the thing that you
just downloaded that made it crashes
like made a crash and made it go to safe
mode and you're just going to delete
that once you do that then it should the
same o should go off because you just
delete it what crashed your stuff but if
that doesn't work the only option you
can do is just like take the jet like
restart your whole ipod which which is
really bad so hopefully those two will
work so first we started and it doesn't
work delete the thing that made a crash
and if that doesn't work I guess you
just have to just have to real take
everything off stuff like that well
that's that's it